Chapitre I : Eva's heart

    Eva spawn in a plain of (a 240x240 block) a vaste green and pink biome. It's the first map
    no name juste a huge flat plain with 3 biomes: Plain, Cherry blossom, Snow. The first adventude for her was
    the first thing that we do in a classical survival sandbox game. But she is completly free in everything
    she does in the world she can explore the first Map.
        Story: Eva spawn in this strange world. With nothing, only her and her mindset. She watch around
        for searching some people or any village or a city why not. She see tree, stone, water, river, lakes, and evrything in
        a mormal world. But there is something wrong in this world, it's a bit more cold thand a normal world
        and it's looks like suspicious.About Eva she is a orphins she doesn't see her parents since she was 5 years old(by her now memory)
        She has heard a voice a girly voice that said : "Eva remmember me , Eva remmember me ! " that's the beginnig of an aventure.

        Achivements : (Basic achivements for a survival sandbox game) 
            - Cut tree
            - Some stone
            - First house 
            - Farm

        In the first period of the game there is no enemy the world is in peaceful mode no monster (Miasm)
        They only appear in the chapter II

Chapter II : First spell

    After the first world, Eva found a strange portal a very strange portal.That TP her into a new world (This portal need something to srart or to be openned)

    Portal mechanism :
        The main power of the world is a spiritual power  The first  way to activate the the chapter II is to activate the portal by  crafting a basic spiritual power kristal made by soul fragment from some ... special animals or found in the deep cave like a small kristal fragment.

    Story : She has finished the entire world1 she has a farm a house and has finihed the entire Achivements
    and being explore the world.She said the world is so huge

            
